# 20250807

When I first learned about IP addresses, I thought they're about identifying different hosts on the Internet. While that's enough for simple explanation, I recently learned it's not entirely true. IP addresses are used to identify network interfaces. Two connected network node has a link between them, and each node has an interface, the gateway to the link. So a single host can have multiple IP addresses if they have two or more links.

문법 오류가 많다

> I thought they're
- they were
- 시제 일치
- they were도 줄일 수 있는 줄 알았다

> While that's enough for simple explanation
- that's -> that was - 앞문장 시제일치
- simple explanation -> a simple explanation - 부정관사 필요

> Two conncted network node has
- -> Two connected network nodes have
- 수 일치

> each node has an interface, the gateway to the link
- -> each node has an interface, which serves as a gateway to the link
- awkward

> So a single host ... if they have
- they have -> it has
- 수 일치

When I first learned about IP addresses, I thought they were about identifying different hosts on the Internet. While that was enough for a simple explanation, I recently learned it's not entirely true. IP addresses are used to identify network interfaces. Two connected network nodes have a link between them, and each node has an interface, which serves as a gateway to the link. So a single host can have multiple IP addresses if it has two or more links.

> they were about identifying
- -> they were used to identify
- slightly awkward

> Two connected network nodes have a link between them
- -> Two network nodes are connected by a link
- connect와 link가 중복된다 + have a link는 awkward

> two or more links
- -> more than one link
- slightly formal

When I first learned about IP addresses, I thought they were used to identify different hosts on the Internet. While that was enough for a simple explanation, I recently learned it's not entirely true. IP addresses are used to identify network interfaces. Two network nodes are connected by a link, and each node has an interface, which serves as a gateway to the link. So a single host can have multiple IP addresses if it has more than one link.
