# 20250904

VPN is widely known as a way to anonymously access the Internet. But originally, it was invented to create a private network virtually, as the name implies.
Traditionally, to create a private network, physical network devices were installed in isolation. But this process was cost-inefficient, and sometimes impossible. The hosts could be too far away to physically connect them.
That's where VPN comes in. By deploying VPN instead, existing network infrastructure can be used to create a private network, without needing dedicated devices.
To simply put, network packets are securely encapsulated inside as a payload for another protocol. The packet is then sent to the Internet, without exposing the original data. Only the receiving end can decrypt the packet and see the content.

우선 VPN이라 썼던 걸 필요한 부분에선 VPNs로 교체 + 수 일치

> anonymously access the Internet
- -> access the Internet anonymously
- 어순 더 자연스럽게 고침

> create a private network virtually
- -> create a virtual private network
- acronym 그대로 쓰면 어색할 것 같아서 바꿔 썼는데 이게 더 이상한 것 같다

> as the name implies
- implies -> indicates
- 앞부분 고침에 따라 여기 어휘도 바꿔줄 필요가 있다

> But this process was cost-inefficient
- But -> However - more formal
- cost-inefficient -> costly - less common form

> could be too far away to physically connect them
- far away -> far apart - awkward
- to physically connect them -> to be physically connected

> By deploying VPN instead
- -> By deploying a VPN
- 관사
- instead는 굳이 필요 없다

> To simply put
- -> Simply put
- 올바른 형태로 고침

VPNs are widely known as a way to access the Internet anonymously. But originally, they were invented to create a virtual private network, as the name indicates.
Traditionally, to create a private network, physical network devices were installed in isolation. However, this process was costly, and sometimes impossible. The hosts could be too far apart to be physically connected.
That's where VPNs come in. By deploying a VPN, existing network infrastructure can be used to create a private network, without needing dedicated devices.
Simply put, network packets are securely encapsulated inside as a payload for another protocol. The packet is then sent to the Internet, without exposing the original data. Only the receiving end can decrypt the packet and see the content.
