# 20250714

Learning new programming languages, new libraries and frameworks take some time. Of course you can follow some random tutorials online and build a cool demo. But just learning new things is not enough. You have to gain context. You need to find out why things were made as they are now in the first place. You have to understand what problems it solved back in the day.

> Learning new programming languages, new libraries and frameworks take some time
- take → takes
- subject-verb agreement

> Of course you can ~
- Of course → Sure
- 더 자연스럽게 들리는 듯

> is not enough
- is not → isn't
- 왜 안 줄였음..?

> why things were made as they are now in the first place
- why things were designed that way in the first place
- awkward phrasing

> what problems it solved back in the day.
- 좀 더 개선될 필요가 있음

Learning new programming languages, new libraries, and frameworks takes some time. Sure, you can follow some random tutorials online and build a cool demo. But just learning new things isn't enough. You have to gain context. You need to find out why things were designed that way in the first place. You have to understand what problems it tried to solve back in the day.

> takes some time
- → takes time
- some 뺀다 → "시간이 오래 걸린다" 라는 느낌을 더 준다? (Gemini)

> what problems it tried to solve back in the day.
- tried → aimed
- 그냥 바꾸고 싶었다

Learning new programming languages, new libraries, and frameworks takes time. Sure, you can follow some random tutorials online and build a cool demo. But just learning new things isn't enough. You have to gain context. You need to find out why things were designed that way in the first place. You have to understand what problems it aimed to solve back in the day.
