# 20250804

There are many ways to configure objects in Kubernetes. You can either imperatively specify which actions you want to take, or declaratively write what objects you'd like. While the documentation says the imperative option is easier for beginners, I'm more comfortable with using declarative configuration files. I feel like YAML configuration files are more beautiful and readable than command line options. I still need to learn the command line though.

> There are many ways to configure objects in Kubernetes
- many -> several
- objects in Kubernetes -> Kubernetes objects

> You can either imperatively specify which actions you want to take, or declaratively write what objects you'd like.
- -> You can either take the imperative approach, specifying which actions you want, or the declarative approach, defining the desired state of the objects.
- paraphrase

> I'm more comfortable with using declarative configuration files
- -> I personally find declarative configuration files more comfortable to work with
- paraphrase

> I feel like YAML configuration files are more beautiful and readable than command line options.
- -> YAML files feel cleaner and more readble to me than command-line options.
- I feel like ~~ 쓰지 말고 ~~ feels ~~ to me 식으로
- configuration 중복되니까 생략
- beautiful -> clean - clean 이 더 어울린다
- command line -> command-line

> I still need to learn the command line though.
- -> That said, I still need to get more familiar with kubectl commands.
- learn -> get more familiar with - 구체적으로
- command line -> kubectl commands - 정확하게 쓰는 게 나음
- 마지막에 though 붙이지 말고 앞에 That said

There are several ways to configure Kubernetes objects. You can either take the imperative approach, specifying which actions you want, or the declarative approach, defining the desired state of the objects. While the documentation says the imperative option is easier for beginners, I personally find declarative configuration files more comfortable to work with. YAML files feel cleaner and more readable to me than command-line options. That said, I still need to get more familiar with kubectl commands.
- paraphrasing 하다 보니 더 formal 하게 되어버렸다
