# 20250707

I haven't been into shell scripting that much. I often copy-pasted stack overflow solutions and gave up what I was doing. Whenever I tried to read the scripts I created, the weird, ambiguous syntax made me lose myself. These experiences made me think it should be very difficult to learn shell scripting. And I thought I shouldn't write any script if I am not doing the "correct" thing.
Recently I've just realized that all of this is just because I haven't learned shell scripting properly. The last time I tried learning it was like several months ago. I stopped at control flow statements since it looked so "awkward".
I was so wrong. I just had to try to think a bit more minutes and go further.

>  I often copy-pasted stack overflow solutions and gave up what I was doing.
- stack overflow 고유명사 → Stack Overflow

> The weird, ambiguous syntax made me lose myself
- 'lose myself'가 어색하다

> it should be very difficult to learn shell scripting
- 확신에 가까운 추측을 나타내고 싶다면 should → must

> I thought I shouldn't write any script if I am not doing the "correct" thing.
- tense mismatch: 'thought', 'am'

> Recently I've just realized
- 'recently'와 'just'는 redundant

> I stopped at control flow statements since it looked so "awkward"
- 수 일치 - it → they

> I just had to try to think a bit more minutes and go further
- to try to think - 노력해서 생각해야 했다는 뉘앙스 → 좀 더 생각할 필요가 있었다는 의미는 needed to think
- a bit more minutes - minutes 빼자
- go further 너무 추상적이다, *dig deeper* / *push through* 등으로

I haven't been into shell scripting that much. I often copy-pasted Stack Overflow solutions and gave up what I was doing. Whenever I tried to read the scripts I created, the weird, ambiguous syntax made me feel lost. These experiences made me think it must be very difficult to learn shell scripting. And I thought I shouldn't write any script if I wasn't doing the "correct" thing.
Recently I've realized that all of this is just because I haven't learned shell scripting properly. The last time I tried learning it was like several months ago. I stopped at control flow statements since they looked so "awkward".
I was so wrong. I just needed to think a bit more and push myself harder.

> Recently I've realized ~
- But recently, or Recently, though, 로 잇는 것이 더 자연스러움

> I stopped at control flow statements
- paraphrase: stopped at → *hit a wall*, *stopped cold*

> think a bit more and push myself harder
- paraphrase: think a bit more → put in a bit more thought
- push myself harder - 톤이 좀 intense → *stick with it a bit longer* / *keep going a little further* 등
